I wrote a story for the subreddit r/WritingPrompts about drug abuse, looking for your opinions!
“I shouldn’t have reached out… I shouldn’t have…” 

Those were the only words playing in my head, unwaveringly shattering my mind. That’s funny thinking about it: everything just started with music and ended with it. Our lives threaded through time like a track of lo-fi, full of regrets and bittersweet memories — our laughs, our cries played a beautiful lullaby that we could not get enough of — Abigail loved lo-fi. 

When her and I would get high, we would make lo-fi tracks, all trying to evoke the same feelings: thoughts of endless summers and the absolute bliss of the sun, its reassuring warmth. “Everything will be okay”, she said to me while she was simpering. I didn’t know at the time if it was the opiates speaking and I missed the opportunity to feel the rapture of her hug when she offered it to me. She started nodding, and then… she breathed no more.

After I used the naloxone, there was only the deafening silence before she came back to life. Her face was full of tears and her eyes were deeply rooted into mine — it was like starring into the sky and facing our judgment; we stood there and the lo-fi stopped… We stayed static, anxiously waiting for the coda foreshadowing the end of everything. 

Suddenly, she left quietly…

This was it between us, we wouldn’t make music together anymore. She wanted a better life, a sober one; something that I couldn’t understand back then. She understood before me we couldn’t keep living like that.

During two years, I wouldn’t hear about Abigail. It was hell for me to be alone while trying to find a meaning to a sober life. However, someday, I found it, I stumbled upon her music, full of nostalgia, full of us: I recognised our memories, I recognised our favorite chords in the same order I remembered them. I cried this night, I cried because of the memories of us, around this computer, making music &amp; dancing in the dark. It made me remember how much I loved Abigail. It gave me the resolve to realise that I had to become a better person if I wanted us to be together… 

That’s why I reached out to truthfully tell her everything. My aspirations, my problems, how much I loved her and her work, and I felt selfishly better, I was so ecstatic: I finally understood how I felt and I found peace for some time.

Somehow, she returned. I didn’t know exactly why… I was too selfish to ask, yearning for love and help. However, what I should have realised back then was that she had enough work helping herself and that all of this would lead to her death. I was true, horribly true: she did relapse and die. The only thing left from her is a note that I still have to read. 

I’m scared of whatever I’ll find in it: perhaps some truths or perhaps some hope and comfort... I just have to unseal it to find out…