Sonic Flip at Coachella Day2
So Coachella was this past weekend, and I was on a mission. I had acquired stocks of substances and reagent / fent tested everything, so I was excited to play around a bit. 

Haven’t found a name for this but I called it the sonic flip during the weekend lol. But it was 2 tabs of acid, 3 points of molly, 25mg 2cb powder, and ketamine nasal spray use throughout the entire time. 

We got into the fest at 3pm, I dropped the acid right then. Rode the peak through a few different sets. Kaleidoscopic visuals throughout the sky and tents. The k spray during this ( measured to be between 8-12mg per spray) was perfect for dancing while in this zone. It was a perfect line to be on. Saw Mathame (idk how to spell it), and Elderbrook then went to get spots for sofi tukker

At 6:30 I drop 2 points, within a half hour I am candy flipping so god damn hard. Euphoria pouring over my body from my head to toes with every single note. I’m also increddddibly amped up. I’d never actually gotten airborne dancing before (6ft dude). It was just so fun. 

Around 7:30 I take 25mg 2cb. By 8:15 at Tale Of Us I’m noticing the difference. Everything in my vision gets SUPER VIVID. It wasn’t trippy or even hella visual at this point, not patterns or breathing but like fucking vivid and clear. Like it’s the touchdown camera for NFL games. The energy and body high is palpable more than the visuals at this point. I just feel so fucking good. This is when I dub it the sonic flip because I can’t stop going. Whether it’s dancing singing talking moving grooving god damn I was going in. 

When Calvin Harris comes on around at 11:30 the molly is going and 2cb is peaking. A lot more visual with the sky warping and sound bending into my ears like I’d never experienced before. It was outrageous. Around 12:30 I started to feel the molly wear off but the sense of vividness and energy with body high was totally still there. 

We ended up leaving the fest and made it back home where I took a half bar at around 3 to sleep for Day 3. God bless my friends for keeping track of me and for my plug for making dreams come true.

Edit: the third point was with the 2cb