Why do I get anxious when drinking alcohol or energy drinks? (drug related question)
I didn't have this problem before. I used to be in a good mood when drinking alcohol, and energy drinks didn't make me feel much. 

I noticed a change at the end of last year when I started getting a little anxious (and ofc buzzed) when drinking alcohol. I also noticed that when I drink energy drinks I get anxious and sometimes feel like shit. I'm not quite sure where this came from, but I know I do drugs every now and then. 

The drugs I did around the time where acid (once) and shrooms (once) about a week and a half after. I had some form of what I think is a drug-induced psychosis when I did the acid as I underestimated the dose (didn't know I was high, insane hallucinations and delusions, talking to myself, in my own world, etc.). I did drink alcohol at the end of the trip. And as I've never drunk alcohol on an acid comedown before, I don't know what's normal. I felt buzzed, I don't remember being in a bad mood. I think I was enjoying myself (unsure because of hazy memory). The shrooms were fine. I had a good time. Probably the best shrooms trip I've had. Kind of uncomfortable come-up and nausea, but nothing unusual. I don't think either of these trips are the cause of my problem though. 

Around the same period I also smoked weed, did edibles. Not too much, a few times a month (2 or 3 maybe) for about 2-3 months. This is more than I usually have. I tend to have a few months in between (I'm a student). I had 2-3 months vacation(?) after my exams, so I had a bit more fun with drugs during this time. I do think the weed gave me a bit of after affects as my mood is more easily influenced by my mind (so maybe this affected my reaction to alcohol as well?) 

Either way I'm not sure what caused this. Could be the effect of all these things, maybe none of them. For all I know it could all just be in my head. Obviously I don't know. Just thought it'd write it all our and see if someone has a similar experience. Any thoughts?