Very weird symptoms on Speed
(Throwaway Account)
(ChatGPT translated my text from German to English, i hope it’s readable xD)

In Germany, „Speed“ is simply Amphetamine but often laced with coffeine.

&amp;#x200B;

Hi everyone,  
last night, two colleagues and I indulged in a few lines of speed after a long break (almost 2 months). We didn't count, but there were probably around 6 medium-sized lines per person. During the winter, we used to have a speed night with stuff from the darknet every few weeks, and we also had one night in February after a short break. For the first time, my trusted pharmacist had something at a good price, so I drove there and got some. Two days ago, colleague A and I already had three small lines to try, which were also relatively strong but still "within limits". I was able to fall asleep normally that night (as always on speed), but colleague A stayed awake all night, which was not unusual for us at first.  
Last night, we had the "real" speed night with colleagues A &amp; B. After the first few lines, colleague A and I noticed that this time it was hitting our circulation much harder than usual. After the 3rd or 4th line, when colleague A had to go to the bathroom and got up, his circulation completely collapsed, and he had to sit down again. We gave him some water and helped him to the bathroom. At that point, I didn't really notice anything myself, except for the normal "circulation drop" shortly after getting up, which was never a problem and disappeared after a few seconds. Shortly after, when I went to the bathroom, I noticed that my circulation, like colleague A's, completely collapsed, I saw black in front of my eyes, and I had to sit down again. This went on for both me and colleague A the whole evening, and towards the end, it was so extreme for colleague A that he couldn't make it to the bathroom alone anymore. I was still somewhat okay, but I already had the same symptoms as him, just a bit milder.  
We then decided to end the evening since it was already morning. So I packed my things to make my way home. As I said, I never had serious problems with my circulation, no matter what substance(s) I used. When I last changed buses and waited for my bus, I smoked a cigarette, but after the first puff, I became very dizzy, and my circulation was about to collapse. I breathed deeply a few times, which didn't help, but luckily the bus arrived a few seconds later, and my circulation calmed down again. When I arrived home, the symptoms got worse after about 10 minutes. Any slightly strenuous activity (even just raising my arms to close a window) immediately led to a circulation collapse, and I had to sit down first. The same thing happened when I went to the bathroom or did anything similar. I am aware that speed hits the circulation hard, but I have never experienced it to this extent. Colleague A and I have no pre-existing conditions. Unfortunately, colleague A did not sleep much, so I first thought it was due to that, but I had over 8 hours of sleep and the same symptoms. I ate normally and of course drank enough the whole time, but colleague A unfortunately did not eat much, which of course favored the whole thing, but I don't really understand how we can have exactly the same symptoms.  
When I woke up today, the symptoms were still there. After 30 minutes, it got a little better, at least enough that I could go to the bathroom without having to sit down. However, the circulation still drops.

&amp;#x200B;

Once again, a brief summary of the symptoms that my colleague A and I had 1 to 1, despite completely different settings:  
When standing up:  
Complete circulatory collapse after (slow) standing up, after about 10 seconds of standing, it went from 0 to 100.  
Ringing in the ears and heavily muffled hearing  
Partially blacking out or completely "over-brightened" image  
Symptoms we had independently of circulation, but never with other types of speed:  
Excessively small penis: I'm not sure what it looked like for my colleague (lol), but he said that he also had an excessively small penis like me. When I was on the toilet, I had a brief shock because I didn't even know it was possible for it to become so extremely small. I can't attach a picture, of course xD, but it was at least twice as small as usual and consisted almost entirely of foreskin. (Sorry for the details :p)  
One symptom that only I had: even though I was still going strong, I fell asleep after 5 minutes, which usually works fine on speed but takes at least 30 minutes. However, I woke up again because I had to go to the toilet. The circulatory system was the same as before.  
I wasn't horny at all. Normally, I get excessively horny with drugs of this type, but this time not at all. The last thing I could think about at that moment was anything sexual. This symptom was also unique to me.  
Colleague B didn't have any of these symptoms. To my question: could all these symptoms simply come from the fact that we already had 3 lines the night before, as this is the only thing that is the same for both of us, or have we been sold some creepy research chemical?  
Sorry for the long, probably somewhat confusing text. But I'm still a bit out of it xD.  
In any case, we will now take a longer consumption break.  
What's also important to mention, in case I haven't already: neither of us had any other substances in our system, except for tobacco. In winter, I occasionally consumed 50mg of Tilidin plus around 1g of Kratom (it was my daily driver back then, not safer use!), but even with this combo, I didn't have such problems. We also smoked weed on it for a while, which also didn't cause any symptoms for either of us.  
Thank you very much for your answers! I hope the text is somewhat understandable xD.  
Edit: We also didn't have any of these symptoms with MDMA (probably cut with meth) or excessive doses of Ritalin.  
Edit 2: Colleague B just told me that she also had these symptoms, although not as extreme as to almost faint, but still stronger than usual. She was also present on each of the mentioned evenings.  
Edit 3: Colleague B just reminded me that towards the end of the evening, I had very red cheeks, which I never had before. I also remembered that on the way home, I didn't have any comedown paranoia. Normally, I'm always a bit paranoid, for example, I check 4 times if my phone is there or if I read the time correctly, etc. but this time, not at all.